This document describes the conventions that should be observed when
editing the Mace-HOWTO.


* Latex Commands

mace_HOWTO.tex defines many new commands and environments that should
be used for controlling the formatting of text.  The new commands and
environments convey semantic information, and should be used
exclusively instead of the latex formatting equivalents.  For example,
instead of writing \texttt{/path/to/file}, write
\filename{/path/to/file}.  The only exception is the latex command
\emph, which should still be used to for emphasizing text (use in
place of \textit).  Additionally, the deprecated formatting style of
including the modifier inside braces (such as {\tt }) should never be
used.

There are two new environments: screen and programlisting.  One of
these commands should both be used in the place of the verbatim
environment.  \begin{programlisting} ... \end{programlisting} works
exactly like a verbatim block.  A screen block also preserves white
space and renders text in fixed-width font, but it allows other
commands to be used within it, such as:

\begin{screen}
\command{./foo bar}
...
\end{screen}

Note that certain characters (such as braces {}) have to be escaped in
screen blocks.

User defined commands (such as
\newcommand{\mac}{\filename{.(m|mac|mace)}}) are still supported.
However, please do not define new formatting commands.  If you need a
new formatting command, please send email to jwanderson@cs.ucsd.edu.

NB: as mentioned in the spacing section below, you _must_ leave a
blank line before starting a \begin{programlisting} block!


* Section Labels

All \section{Title} commands must be followed by a
\label{sec:sectionname} on the next line.  Labels should be provided
for any subsection that should be its own page when the howto is in a
multi-page html format.  Subsections that are not labeled will be
combined on a single page.


* Section references

Use the latex command \S instead of the work "Section" or "Appendix"
when referencing other sections.  For instance: "In
\S~\ref{sec:foo}, we describe...".


* Math environments

Math environments are not currently supported.  Please avoid using any
math environments, including those escaped in with $.


* Spacing

Please insert a blank line before starting a block with \begin.  If
you want to start a new paragraph after the block, then add another
blank line after ending the block with \end.  Additionally, do not
include any text or commands (other than a comment) on the same line
as a \begin or \end command.

